dozens of bodies being buried in a mass
grave in Gaza the bodies were taken from
northern Gaza by Israel and eventually
returned but they were held for so long
some have decomposed beyond
recognition it said there are 80 bodies
but we couldn't count them because of
the smell and for fear of spreading
diseases in the
neighborhood in November another 110
bodies were returned by Israel also
decomposed
according to the Geneva Convention body
should be returned unspoiled even if we
heard the claim by Israel that it
collected his bodies to check if they
were bodies of hostages but the way that
they were returned and the way that they
were taken obviously shows a clear
violations uh of of the Geneva
Convention corpses in a mass grave
outside of Kamal adwan Hospital were
damaged by Israeli
bulldozers and bodies that have been
dead much longer have also been
desecrated this graveyard in jabalia in
Northern Gaza was crushed during
Israel's gr offensive they are holy
sites and they should be uh protected uh
human rights law uh sets clear
obligations to protect these sites and
uh and what we have been seeing is the
complete
opposite but this isn't a new phenomenon
it's certainly a long-standing pattern
the deliberate desecration of cemeteries
and we saw this on an almost systematic
pattern after
1948 where hundreds of Palestinian
Villages including their cemeteries were
simply raised to the ground in 2010
mamila Cemetery in Jerusalem which is
dated back to the 11th century was dug
up and replaced with a Convention Center
called The Museum of Tolerance another
one that is specific to um Israel's
dealings with the Palestinians uh since
1967 and this includes for example um
refusing to surrender the bodies of
Palestinian
guerillas over the following decades
many of these Fighters were buried in a
graveyard in Israel kept off limits to
the public it's known as the cemetery of
numbers as people are marked with
nothing but a number as more dead bodies
pile up in Gaza without the
implementation of international law
there will be more unmarked Graves
imagin Kimber Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer